sup dawg today's show sponsored by
expressvpn you can access games you can
access TV shows and you can access
websites that are locked in your region
at expressvpn dot-com
/ let's play episode 3 that's a pet
given I've entered Oh Gaby's here gaff
don't go to the comely over the desert
don't go to the car come to the commune
no but you're Ryan you're barely in the
commune oh boy they're good neighbors
look he's swimming everyone's like
fully-armored up I've got now well this
is a lot of nothing why do you have gold
eyes watch out Fredo will kill you I'll
give you that Oh No
he's killing don't know this he wants to
go home I don't know this we all know it
Fredo what the wood I know it
mailbox yeah people got mailboxes and
stuff pretty sophisticated give I've
only put Jamie's house in danger like 50
times but he's still such a nice
neighbor it's weird how nice you keep
trying to kill him Trevor not a sponsor
could be though it's Stockholm Syndrome
is what it is the tower look weird
what do you mean the gold looks funny
does it oh they've updated the shaders
yeah it's hideous I don't like the Tower
of pimps anymore say creeper kill it oh
let's go make out later
throw yourself at it so here's the deal
gab we can't hand each other anything oh
yeah right we're social distancing oh
well I got handed this shield well
that's that's an infected shield I throw
it on the ground it's fine
yeah throw it throw it on the ground is
how you hand people things Ryan there's
no way just to be safe
I'm getting rid of this yeah you need a
mailman just burn it there's some sort
of assumption that the mailbox is also
also a sanitizer yeah yes just go with
that we never really established why got
like a UVC light oh no the US Postal
Service stopping no they're still fine
yeah if you got one of those things for
your phone like Oh case you put it in
with the UV light
do you yeah got you got one and then the
first time she used it she put her phone
in it and left it there to sanitize and
then like a minute later when I don't
know where my phone is and I hope to
look for it we had to use the find your
phone thing so I try to now feature
though man yeah what did it sound like
coming out of that little case that he
might like it was being tortured Oh
Gavin you're going over there huh I'm
just getting would have be careful out
there dude hey how my llama get off
oh it's getting her female llama porn
Trevor you sound a bit in morning he was
that sound like like anti does its kind
of bit early I'm a dawn boy we hate the
dawn
lovely horse love me I'm sorry Ryan my
side door yeah I see your side door I'm
trying to make friends no love me by
letting the love horse in your side door
yeah I'm saying oh there we go
we got to use a crafting table that's
Chet that's a good question I don't know
how the commune well I guess you can as
long as we're not there right
Oh thoughts yeah I guess that was can
the Gavin go in our house if we're not
there I mean we've been in other
people's houses already Gavin right O's
in your house all the time I'm gonna
make you an extra bed in my house in
case you come stay that was the sound of
Glee that's a treatment I speak Gavin
I'll translate right I sounded like he's
never been happy before are you nervous
to have Gavin around it's uh
don't you dare kill him or I will come
for you hey yeah my fingers pitchy Fred
is used to being the primary threat to
public safety
he's true Yeah right now once your house
is built you can go into my house
there's a big chest in the back take
iron out of there and make yourself
armor Oh full of dynamite
you're gonna hit him with the chest trap
harsh in my own house just blows up
that's where you put traps in your own
house you ever see home alone is that a
real question
and I really don't know if you've seen
it yeah I think I've seen bits of
home-along - he's in New York you've
seen you know bits of it how do you see
parts of mobile because it's on TV I'm
around on TV and then tell you what the
presidents in it president we can sit
here as part of the movies hell ghost
stories now if you're watching in Canada
though
oh no they cut in all right well what
happened Trevor Trevor threw a bonfire
down and then it's a walk over said
bonfire hey let's get a free ride I said
all that he did more than sit on it I've
even the sound of this was if I what
this horse bummed no is that what you
normally do to horses
I put it to you that you suck like the
balls in your court now what's a knave
so I heard on countdown Gavin I was
watching countdown talk about like where
some words originated and everything
they were talking about the origin of
the word gingerly and apparently that
came from people who wanted to make
horses look like Pepe and and stuff when
they watch around so they just stuck
ginger up its ass yeah yeah and would
make its tail kind of stand up and Ready
Set show we get Jeremy to be ginger
little pep in your step okay I lived I
fell into a pool lava oh yeah that will
very nearly kill you I just fell
directly into a pool lava that's not
gingerly - surprised you're alive oh my
god my heart just jumped out of my chest
shoving ginger up a horse's ass could
have been the last thing you said I'll
tell you except with death like a
champion though you were like gonna die
but I kept it before it got me you don't
want to die like a
powered afraid yeah I wanted to stare
you in the face
afraid and alone [__] I guess your house
right as well that's amazing well done
it's the one that has like an actual
looking mailbox so far has a structure
that is the mail bomb with all the the
llamas it's a simple lot of llamas
Trevor
oh hey Suns going down yeah quick come
to my house oh I don't have a fall to
make another bed for gab oh but I think
I have two wool I'm I'm looking for you
gaff do you not live it no no no no no
so very early on I got run off by a
horde of zombies and ended up somewhere
else which is very close yeah I got run
off I almost died very quickly and then
I decided the Communists arted getting
real culty yeah and Alfredo tried to
kill me early on and then freighter was
trying to kill Jeremy so I just stayed
oh look at these tree nubs you left
floating in the sky I'm some more over
there damn what the hell what you're
right Trevor you don't belong there I
didn't go in I I lent him could have
coughed I did it go in my space Gavin
come outside yeah did he go in my house
Trev
no he wouldn't love it yeah I'm over
here oh boy hey Gavin where yet come to
my house here I have a bed for you
no I have a bed for him are we all going
sleeping we all going sleep I was just
gonna give him a bed there oh I mean do
you want okay now come and get lost
we're on the ground though so I guess
you can't have you just need your hand
out Wow Michael you live far where do
you live over here what if something
happens to you oh well then I die in
silence and no one will ever Obsidian
for besides a portal and an enchanting
table I think that's it okay watch out
for the death drop on your right Oh God
you live in a dangerous area oh I live
dangerously there's about I'm digging up
the puddle that almost don't we be proud
of me boy look what I did this is my
house
a little here's my mailbox I'm look
likes no mail I never get mail I never
get mail out here I've never gotten a
single piece of mail here come on in
I've never seen his house you go up into
a pool yeah so I'd like to go splashing
only Gavin only Ryan's been here you're
only the second person and then look
over here I just added a new addition
I'm sleeping I'm sleeping I risked life
and limb to bring you mail Michael cuz
you sounded sad Oh Ryan brought me mail
I better hop out of bed right now and go
get my mail I'm running home it's dark
and raining
all right I'm warning people right now
thought you might be hungry
I'm still underground I'm working my way
back up though I'm getting up then have
his mine is yours okay I I have a time
it's an Enderman out there oh that's
real Simon Hall yeah oh there's some
door Michael this yeah yeah but she's
right at the door she's not even the
same spire was in the house of all the
ways to save
Trevor I always call them ragged old
business okay we can still sleep that's
fine I will probably be gone by the
morning
Matt's me just unlocked my door and let
more cats in the room make some more
room for you hang on give me something
to look at there you go it's bit dusty
Oh Mia
oh sorry hang on oh there's dirt I don't
want to dig hair you know let me just
let me clean this up
hang on sorry I'll brush you off oh it's
it is wet out here yeah well Gavin's
here ow
what is that scoot stop what what's
happening
he just clawed my toe I made a jukebox
oh nice some tunes
why didn't you but that costs a diamond
doesn't it did cost the diamond my
houses got broaden up you know I'm
saying when I sell it
Fredo do you know how to get a disc no
get a skeleton to shoot never and
killing so like what yeah if you get a
creeper between you and skeleton and it
kills it you get a music this I feel
like that's something that's dangerous
on you're dead you're dead oh I feel
like that's my glitter that sounds like
a perfect job for you yeah and then and
then when I do it and I win it again
alright I'm almost I'm can I create a
dynasty in you're dead you dead let's
find out there's a lot of creepers
outside why nasty Sehwan Jeremy shada
nasty when Jeremy there my monsters
nearby crap wait wait no it is not in
the hole that frayed oh man close enough
Trevor all right yes
hey she's still there well I want to go
on an adventure
Oh as an arrow guy Bieber come to me no
arrow guys are falling apart creeper
come to me Jesus wait why are you what
the creeper because no don't don't kill
it okay no hold on I gotta get this
between skeletons gonna burn to death
dude yeah yes I want to music this oh
there's a skeleton right here America
could be skeleton don't you throw that
potion at me here we go here we go here
we go don't you throw that at me
oh yeah wow she threw it at me he's
fighting the does in the water he's in
the water he's yeah you can leave she's
gone now I got the egg though I'm
covered in a key I think I want to live
on the edge of the commune that's what
Ryan lives
Ryan lives in between me and the commune
so mailboxes floor on edge but you're a
commune is this the death hole damn I
hit him once
is it a giant Gorge then sure it's gorge
hi Trey I'm just about to spruce the
place up check this out look it's Gavin
oh he'll never leave I hung up Gavin art
mad I miss vane mining yeah Auto sorting
auto sounds good one nest
what are these luxuries that you speak
of it made the hate go away I'm watching
Michael work law you read okay you know
that reminds me you have attended my
brother put the flag up on your mailbox
I have no idea yeah that's pretty cool
that you can post [__] from your own
mailbox what do you mean Travers you put
bones in my mailbox
I gave you some bones you can mail
letters from rimmel thanks yeah you
didn't have like outgoing mail the hell
are you talking about like in real life
or in this game in real life well yeah
some was paid you're talking about the
game crazy real life just like I said oh
man oh man yeah you put mail in your
mailbox and they take it yeah yeah
that's that's amazing to me
it's 2020 what are you talking about it
go you got to go and find a post books
but you can also do that it's just you
gotta wait for a stop we don't have
mailboxes so what would you do to like
leave him on the floor for box it bro
where do they take mail for you he just
said you gotta find a a box like on the
street no I mean like if you receive
mail where do you receive it for
on the floor through the door they'd
okay just shove it through the door so
you couldn't lab box
yeah like Harry Potter oh he gets it
through the chimney if I post mail back
out through my door it will land outside
have you tried it though no I've never
tried that should have tried it maybe
you should try it I need to make a new
shovel I can't I can't get caught up
gardening not forgotten in chanting
table is is for obsidian I thought it
was three how many do you have three
light that up that's one less than yeah
drummer you got a flint and steel I got
Flint nice I'll get some steel I'll go
through and see coal there it is here we
go what if we end up doing really well
in this and this is just our series from
this point on all we do is play hardcore
so episode 500 a death would be quite
dramatic okay it's safe on the other
side it is yeah reasonably oh wow
there's a fortress right next to this
that's awesome by Ryan yep I'm gonna go
die here I go dying again trash yeah do
you have the means to make a book uh if
I can find Roger nerd knowledge sugar
cane I can I can do that yeah I've
broken into the fortress I should have
wait I should have waited for you guys
well yeah how do you make sexy looking
stone carving ass on it do you mean just
regular smooth stone are like chiseled
chiseled [__] can you do that you can
smooth stone is sexy to me so we've got
different sex levels I like it rough
that's not why you gave me bones I like
it cobbled Oh gab you might have to do
four pieces of smooth stone ah put them
like in a square in the crafting table I
think that turns it into brick and then
I think you can put that back in that
would be intercourse come on shoot at me
Jeremy is correct about brick brick no
four pieces of cooked stone make stone
bricks stone bricks yeah you gonna lay a
walkway for us gasps I didn't get to
that level of sexy
I'm just surviving I could make my house
nice or I could venture nice mine would
you guess I should venture got a blaze
rod oh yeah
hmm spider get out of here
spider be fronting on daddy all right
we're gonna need a lot more books dad
for enchanting yeah camping that's gonna
be a big one is it 16 I have tons of
paper mode in right now
I got a lot of paper in my chest but if
we can find a village we can just rip
apart their bookcases yeah I think 27
bookshelves we robbing people
Jeremy check your mail have some water
yes oh no I know what's making the
horrible noises the llamas yeah like a
monster I need to get on this diamond
game
I told Mindy yesterday I was going to
Don tano MoBay she was like what are you
talking about I went obviously
McDonald's what else would obviously I
think I made a whole tweet about all my
name's Larry and I have called it
there's a lot more like no you just call
it mces and like you know missing this
the whole point
Donatello's all right I'm heading back
to the cult I'm just able outside
somewhere guys I have got lots of
saddles so if you find a horse saddle up
I'm nervous just be cool I don't want
anything to blow it up why are you doing
it out here you crazy lad instead of
we're up in my attic see I'm making a
nice observing we gonna go inside your
house Fredo
wow dude oh well the ultimate some some
wood to the cause hold on build a Shack
around it yeah I'm gonna I'm going with
like an open landscape looking to sell
this house right yeah where we putting
bang shack how did I get here I'm
lobbying chanted Shack the nether lost
in the dark world yeah it needs to be a
5x5 inside all right so then 6x6 outside
huh what is this [__] Sam I sent one to
your right
I found emerald in trade with villagers
with that probably not just the one but
ah could be my opinion what's up Ryan
you and we need you Ryan run I think I
have protected myself if it ends up I
have no expectation that this will
happen but
it ends up just Fredo and I we fight to
the death what it makes sense and then
that become the three-time champ oh my
god well you'd have my god o gold it's
starting to get dark again by the way
well I'm deep underground so you're [__]
out of luck yeah I'm in the nether and I
don't know my way back should I go in
there and call out for you I'm lost in
the fortress is kind of the problem
that's not great trying to find out how
I got in here by jumping you can see my
name right if you're close enough all
right let me let me do that you might
have to come to the fortress and kind of
look around for me a little bit I'm
pretty sure it was on this floor that I
came in oh it's not a door all right I'm
in have you found the fortress yes okay
I feel like I'm on the level I entered
on I think what do you think Fredo is it
I found work a man I'm thinking the meat
I'm in like over here right it is dark
out so watches six people I feel like
there's no danger in this location
you're wrong
yeah Trevor I see you oh there's an
ender person how do we get out to your
seven o'clock okay I won't look at him
man I'm sure that way he ran out the
bottle but he died me you want an
enchanted sword that kind of er there's
got one but you risk angering yeah I
don't want to anger though the hordes
plus they could pour through the portal
what if we a grow them make a trap on
the other side of the portal and then
they all just come through and die
we farm they my god my god for what the
Nuggets nuggets nuggets man oh it's
scary out there
o out there I hear bloopin everywhere
around me and I'm trying to find the
lava without getting roasted alive why
do you want the lava that's because it's
where the good [__] is Oh fair enough
I also have a lot of gold horse armor
for no reason I just don't know if it's
above me or below me
hey Ryan I'll take one of those saddles
off your hand when you get a shot will
do well must sound like monsters
villagers might be downed oh yes
someone alert matpat maybe they are
villagers game theory he's been doing a
lot of actually really interesting
minecraft theories lately I feel like I
just don't get recommended that stuff
anymore
I really see it in my feet I have to
seek it out if I want to see what he's
doing
YouTube is profoundly broken coming from
the guy with the right-wing tick-tock
BAM that stirred up thankfully first
time it was just a bunch of
right-wingers I was very convinced what
one of my phone is have my kids been
going and searching like conspiracy
theories when I'm not looking
it's a gate I've been itching for an
adventure is everybody I'm looking for
adventure right now Trevor go right now
the adventure is digging holes in the
ground but I'm hoping the hole finds
adventure I'm grabbing Alfredo we're
going on an adventure - okay no you're
not bringing him here it's really not
much of an adventure
it'll be a short boy he can't be trusted
dude two seconds into this game we
believe that evidence so will not hold
up in court
dude I've polished so much andesite oh
nice why quarantine man you got to do
what you owe its euphemisms got it
[Music]
pretty nuts as I'll tell you though
Trevor and Alfredo have done some major
improvements to their houses
yeah dude like I said I'm gonna sell
this house and then move somewhere else
yeah means good-looking place dude damn
giant backyard it's my first night in my
own house oh yeah I left the door open
not great start Gavin oh [__] who's this
guy my house alright I'm sleeping I
can't wait I gotta adventure in the
morning hold on uh polishing my andesite
I died right now you gotta do that
before I can sleep helps you rest yeah
someone's awake I I am I told you I'm
coming back oh I thought you said you
were back
negative obvious that wool that was only
one p7 because I saw you I saw earlier
you wrote a message that said poopoo PP
on Lindsay's noticeboard uh-huh yeah oh
she noticed now I'm sleeping so someone
else isn't yeah do you have a bed yeah
yeah he said he's sleeping in his own
bed oh just took a while it was just
Michael getting back that's all that's
negative I was in my bed for 20 seconds
so I was working on my house don't you
dare don't you dare accuse me
that looks heinous Hughes what does your
thing
I'll be honest Trevor it looks kind of
bad I was I was trying to ride my horse
and just couldn't move couldn't move
couldn't move and he was just running in
place turned out uh you got to take the
lead off it doesn't break when he own
yours are you a choking him I was
galloping a horse so many euphemisms
that wasn't a euphemism he was choking a
horse so can the Oaks I was riding my
thoroughbred that's a thick breed hopped
on your jaw
what does it Ravager sound like in the
distance it kind of sounds like mu a
little bit I just heard like I my volume
is a little low so I don't know if it
was a thunderstorm or like I need call
oh god I got so much cold gap ah you
didn't you didn't black any coal while
you were here my horse
[Laughter]
what's wrong what do you mean like that
it made him laugh I've got a bunch of
cows I'm gonna start calling the herd
where is Jack land go uh-oh
go east Ryan what's up I have found a
sand trap good map sand trap is a good
map oh what's up little guy
I prefer nuts ass I got bit by a octopus
oh you're an enemy that's not even a
thing is it alright if you attack them
know what there's a single drowned in
our pond I got bit by an octopus
yeah it was questionable it bit me I was
like I'm gonna be honest I don't think
that's accurate you see that I asked the
Donna if you were singing with Donna did
she say yeah he did what'd she say you
have a response no she didn't believe it
that's a route probably didn't see it I
didn't see Madonna it was like all right
you may be famous you're not nearly like
talk to my daughter favor watching that
back it's so like I'm just oblivious to
the conversation yeah cuz it's very
obvious that you are singing Madonna
watching it back to me I'm like yeah I'm
singing I've moved on and Jeremy and
Ryan are still arguing about the fact
that I'm singing Evanescence and
meanwhile I'm like away from the
microphone googling the song cuz I
forgot what it was titled just so I can
play it a song like a prayer that you
said like a prayer over and over again
you're like alright someone who has
speakers I love hello jack I came with
the horse well Ryan here let me let me
give you something as a thank-you can
you put this horse in my mailbox yeah
and then we were like Trevor what did
you just sing there you go Ryan
oh man my mom used to have like the
whole Madonna I have you had one okay
you don't want it but you can offer to
somebody else I'm sure we can use it and
now we ride Calypso Lassa Material Girl
nineties there was the Pepsi one right
there was like Pepsi but she in the
video like burned a bunch of crosses and
their Pepsi were like oh
they really clutch their pearls over
that one what do you think we are
coca-cola
we don't guys I went to make up sword
and I typed coke you see thanks there's
a there's a creeper right there I see
that I don't like it
oh yeah the adventure right the
adventure where's the where's the
enchanting table this way Ryan it's in a
little Hut in the commune
we need lapis for it - I got lapis yo I
also have lice
I also have a brewing stand I just I am
gonna pee my brains out so I'm gonna
take a nice cows had a baby I'm gonna
hop in my bed and go potty
well [__] make sure to spritz her ass a
bit - no I'm just gonna go peepee I
don't have time to spritz my honey
spritz while you peepee
look if you sit down that toilet while
you piss yes in while you pee so the
crappy thing is your cult is right on
the edge of four maps
nice it's not like center of anything is
literally like on the corner of four
maps the cult the cusp name that sounds
a lot like achievements cusp Alfredo
nice place you got here
Hey yeah I'm looking to sell one day and
they move out of this place
if the cult lets me of course ah one
brick short what sell the place Ryan I
upgraded your your horse armor Oh
so what the HOA demands that you have a
new yard you need to have found this I
found this in that temple that right
that Alfred almost died in ice we're the
enchanting table it's in the enchanting
hut where's the enchanting hut ah that's
what Jack wanted it's this different now
there's no like red in the top of this
huh little furnace none of these houses
are labeled right in the top of white
keV did in the top of the furnace be lit
up before be lit up I know I think I
know what he's saying and I think he's
wrong
I have I've made a tiny Hut for the
brewing stand nice got it is there a
chest in there no it has no room for
that Oh where's my horse Jack I don't
know he's attached to my house he's in
my house you're in one sorry I was using
using your table that's that's my horse
weird white you said you upgraded his
armor what no that's my horse I've
grated my horses armor Oh my horse go I
never saw your horse you ate him are you
sure you had a horse Fredo would you do
my horse
I didn't do it glue Jack where'd you get
a saddle glue Ryan gave me a saddle ah
did you take my horse I am one to go to
horse Court on this welcome to horse
Court put a present in the mail box
outside the enchanting room oh cool
thanks oh there's in ermine here you
guys there's an Enderman in my house
what is he doing
where's the where's the horse oh he's a
quest he's got a horse judge or just a
regular judge seriously where'd my horse
go I've got a couple different licenses
but I have majored in horses look what
happens in the cops fighting him in an
equal sign but so where's my horse oh oh
yeah where's you've got a thief amongst
you Ryan you got a horse thief
Oh Beck that's kind of sad to hear that
cuz I I found iron horse armor areas
give ok Ryan he was wandering in the
distance what is this Trevor negligence
it's a little path like a camp what's it
made of diorite polished diorite yeah I
polished it last night before I went to
sleep all right Trevor billion dollars
yeah busting it out I have to push your
mum every morning good deal take that
Trevor take it whatever that means
that's exactly what it means it's just
whether you'd be okay with it or not I
think we talked about this in the office
yeah what sorry I had my sandwich on the
floor I had to go get it guys guys it's
a silverfish I don't like them but
coming out no they bad that sounds like
an adventure yeah more so V where are
you gonna go on one yeah it's Trevor you
adventure today then he did my sign
going down you gonna take out Fredo away
and kill him what this Gavin's house
this is a little door that leads into
what is this that's the death closet
should i plow through the silverfish is
there treasure behind them [__]
that's weird that they're there the
thought those only showed up in certain
areas that were important me I've killed
a good eight like it's just some flowers
here Fredo
all right well house property whoa okay
plug leads are going crazy for future
endeavors I'm coming home with about
five saddles four or five whoa you
sharing yeah oh man I'm screwed a horse
between me and my front door will walk
you home yeah I need to be walked home
javanese the neighborhood watch more
dams silverfish damn place oh there's a
lot now oh no oh no I'm surrounded
there's so many Oh Michael don't die no
no no I skipped down a hallway and now
I'm just slain I'm like Sparta there was
like dude there was like four in front
of me in five behind me he was a pincer
attack intelligent creatures that I just
wiped off the face of the earth thank
you you should light that place up my
house yeah so they don't spawn in there
get to walk to remember Trevor behind
you Oh
evil monster forever in the venture what
is all this stuff in my mailbox
Trevor we garbage it's like you lit a
bag of crap on fire outside man did you
stomp on it what an ass looking thing
also in the chest outside of the
enchanting room is two chanted books
nice they chanted with so cursive
vanishing is one of them which i think
is a bad thing yeah and then the other
one is channeling a channeling is with
tridents I'm looking at you Enderman
there it is oh you got you gone Ryan I'm
gonna light up the path to Ryan's house
as well oh my girl there we go nice job
we're gonna need looting
throw it can't throw it just immediately
throw it just ran at you and killed you
I was like all in that gap that mean
that would be understandable yeah all
right I'll have four cents okay
hey Jeremy yeah that's him peeing on you
now all right Oh where'd you get more
we're doing pretty good you guys like
we've only lost one person who's dead
Lindsey died in about 15 minutes
yeah she was gone very quickly all right
nighttime sleep time is uh how far out
are you Michael I'm in my bed baby okay
I thought you'd so you couldn't fighting
all this stuff like under your house
yeah yeah my my adventure is under my
house suite well once we get more pearls
and more blaze powder weak a bubble
gloop is just taunting that would be
wild if you buy a hat on top of fortress
and he's so cool it's I think silverfish
can spawn randomly like there's so many
down there I think all right so that at
the sends part three well next time real
adventure yeah we don't stop we'll stop
lying about your fake adventures all
right let's stop
[Music]